Countdown to the New Year: 31 Days of Ember Addons - ember-page-title (Dec 11th 2019) (#422)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-12-11-countdown-to-the-new-year-ember-page-title.md

---
title: Countdown to The New Year - Ember Page Title
author: Venus Ang
tags: 2019, Addons, DecEmber
alias: 2019-12-11-countdown-to-the-new-year-ember-page-title.md
responsive: true
---

**This is the eleventh in our DecEmber series- "Countdown to The New Year: 31 Days of Ember Addons". We plan to highlight a new addon each day until the new year, and we hope you'll join us for the fun!**

## Day 11

This addon [ember-page-title](https://emberobserver.com/addons/ember-page-title) provides a helper for changing the browser tab title of the page you're on within your Ember single-page application (SAP).

### What It Does

> The `ember-page-title` addon provides a zero-config way to use npm packages in your Ember app, and even lazy-load them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ember-page-title` addon provides a zero-config way to use npm packages in your Ember app, and even lazy-load them. This is helpful for many reasons, but an important reason is that it is a [WCAG success criteria (2.4.2)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/page-titled) to provide a page title. 

A quick tip about page titles! The title of each Web page should:

- Identify the subject of the Web page
- Make sense when read out of context, for example by a screen reader or in a site map or list of search results
- Be short

```

responsive: true
---

**This is the eleventh in our DecEmber series- "Countdown to The New Year: 31 Days of Ember Addons". We plan to highlight a new addon each day until the new year, and we hope you'll join us for the fun!**

## Day 11

This addon [ember-page-title](https://emberobserver.com/addons/ember-page-title) provides a helper for changing the browser tab title of the page within your application.

### What It Does

The `ember-page-title` addon provides a zero-config way to use npm packages in your Ember app, and even lazy-load them. This is helpful for many reasons, but an important reason is that it is a [WCAG success criteria (2.4.2)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/page-titled) to provide a page title.
A quick tip about page titles! The title of each Web page should:

- Identify the subject of the Web page
- Make sense when read out of context, for example by a screen reader or in a site map or list of search results
- Be short

### Why I Like It

Thanks to `ember-page-title`, you can easily provide users with a simple HTML browser title tag so they know where they are within your single-page application (SPA).

> All you need to do is run <code>`ember install ember-page-title`</code>, add <code>{{head-layout}}</code> to your <code>application.hbs</code> file and finally include the title helper to each page section template, for example if you had an About section, <code>{{title "About"}}</code>. This helper also gives you the ability to add custom separators, for example <code>{{title "About" separator=">"}}</code>. More information can be found at the [Ember Page Title Docs Site](https://adopted-ember-addons.github.io/ember-page-title/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to use it: 

1. Run `ember install ember-page-title`
2. Add `{{head-layout}}` to your `application.hbs` file 
3. Include the title helper to each page's template. For example, if you had an "About" route, add `{{title "About Us"}}` to that template. This helper *also* gives you the ability to add custom separators, for example `{{title "About" separator=">"}}`. 

More information can be found at the [Ember Page Title Docs Site](https://adopted-ember-addons.github.io/ember-page-title/).
```

Author: @MelSumner  - this is a lot easier to read- thank you for the suggestion.

> This addon is Octane-ready! <check to make sure it is>

Reviewer: @kategengler do you know if this addon is Octane ready?

Author: @MelSumner fwiw, I tried this out in an Octane app that I spun up and it was working for me.  I also tried out the {{head-layout}} in Angle Bracket notation.  But I'm not sure if this is sufficient to confirm on my end that it's Octane ready.
